[man] Take wing and gather,
as the festival of stars
is nigh.
[man #2] You're amazing.
You know that?
[man #3] Just the rookie
we've been hoping for.
[man #1] Honestly, I'm surprised
you didn't know that.
[woman panting]
[man laughs]
-[slurps]
-[gunshot]
[gunshot]
[gasps]
[laughs]
[leaves crunching]
-Eh?
-[man] She dead?
-[arrow squelches]
-[woman yelps]
Nope, still alive and kickin'.
In that case,
hurry up, and get started!
Right.
Guess it's time
for us to clean our kill.
-[man grunts]
-[woman groaning]
[man sighs]
[laughing]
[muffled yelling]
[blade slicing]
Huh? Henry! Richard!
[gasps]
What?
[wailing]
[woman vocalizing]
KINGDOM OF CREMONA, OLD TOWN
-[car horn honks]
-[trolley bell rings]
MATSUMOTO PANETTERIA
[baker] Hey!
Want some freshly baked buns?
[woman] Oh, crap!
Oh, crap! Oh, crap!
-I'm so late!
-Oh, there you are.
-Good morning, Lily.
-Morning, Koku!
-I bought some buns. Would you--
-Sorry! Running late!
Maybe some other time, 'kay?!
But they're freshly baked,
warm, sweet red-bean buns.
[sighs]
Hey, Mom,
I left without my I.D.!
-You seen it?!
-[Mom] You'd lose your head
if it wasn't attached
to your shoulders!
[man] This is one-oh-five.
We've located a homeless man's
tent off the forest road.
One-twelve here.
Multiple blood stains
found in the parking lot.
I'll leave them for CSI.
Good morning, ma'am!
Shush! Jeez.
Good morning.
How are things going?
Well, decided to show up?
Oh, yeah. Sorry about that.
Oh, you want a red-bean bun?
Freshly baked!
Eating at a crime scene?
That's bold of you.
[Lily] So are
the victims more-- You know?
[grunts]
The victims had been linked
to multiple murders
in our jurisdiction.
We'd pegged them
as serial killers
and were
about to make our move...
but before we could so much
as get an arrest warrant,
our misguided friend took
matters into their own hands.
"Killer B."
[officer] I'm sorry, sir.
This area--
[man] Buzz off. It's fine.
Shoo. You're in my way.
-I insist--
-Huh?
Hold it!
Who the heck is that?!
Uh, he said he's R.I.S.
Well he's not, and you know
you can't let civilians in here.
-Hmm. Hmm?
-[Lily] Excuse me.
I need your attention.
For the time being,
this area is off-limits
to anyone that's
not authorized personnel.
[groans]
All right, mister, have you
had one too many this morning?
I'm telling you civilians
aren't allowed in this are--
[R.I.S. officer] Ah! Ha ha!
Is that you, Genie? Hot damn!
It's been far too long.
"Genie"?
Eric and Jean have been dying to
see that grungy face of yours.
You should visit them.
Huh?
Hey there.
ROYAL POLICE, COASTAL BRANCH
All right, people,
that pretty much covers
the intel
we've collected so far,
but there's still
another matter...
Holy shit. I can't believe
it's really him, Mario.
It's Keith Flick.
Eh, he's just a has-been,
flew the coop
over ten years ago.
Hey, Eric,
I got everything ready to go.
Good.
Before we begin the briefing,
please allow me
to introduce someone.
Direct your attention
to your two o'clock.
The man standing beside Jean
is Keith Flick.
He's rejoined our unit
from the Archives Division.
Everyone,
give him a warm welcome.
[overlapping greetings]
[Eric] Okay, Kaela, begin.
Early this morning,
several bodies
were found in the forest.
We've I.D.ed the dead
as the Crouse Brothers,
Henry and Richard.
Both were killed
with a sharp bladed weapon.
The other victim was a woman
who'd been badly injured.
We took her to the hospital
for medical treatment.
We've confirmed she was
abducted, held prisoner,
and raped
by the Crouse Brothers
along with their
younger brother, Julian.
Another psychopath.
[Eric] Speaking of whom,
Julian's whereabouts
are still unknown.
[footsteps]
[Julian] Kill him. Kill him.
I'm gonna kill him.
I'm gonna kill his ass!
-[floor creaks]
-[screams]
[panting]
Kill him dead. Kill him dead...
if it's the last thing I do.
I can arrange that for you.
[gags]
However there's
just one condition.
You have to help me
with a little something.
Now, then,
the first order of business
is finding out
who killed these criminals.
This'll be
the primary focus of the R.I.S.
Commonly known as "Killer B,"
this is the lead suspect
that we will be pursuing
from here on out.
-His victims have been...
-Bastard!
I wish they'd called him
"The lousy, good-for-nothing,
scumbag killer."
Are the lame insults
really necessary?
We hold strong the belief
that in the past few years
he's been involved
in 15 killings.
Mario, go ahead,
and present your report.
We've discussed this before,
but since we have a newcomer,
I'll go over it again
from the top.
A single blow
from an extremely sharp blade
was the method of slaughter.
No defensive wounds were found,
which means our perp
quietly stalks his victims
and slices them up
before they can cry out.
Whoever this guy is, he's a pro.
Hmm?
[Eric] Brandon,
do you have a profile?
Well, I've been working on it
nonstop from various angles,
but without any keywords
to narrow it down,
there's just no way
to make it any more accurate.
How about the mark?
Kaela, you mind
tossing it on the screen for us?
One sec.
There are countless numbers
of similar marks.
-It's just an ordinary "B."
-[Brandon] Wow.
[Boris] All this crap
is hurting my eyes.
So this guy's
even got fan sites?
I guess he's real popular.
There's more
if you want to see 'em.
-[groans]
-[Eric] Keith...
Eh?!
looking at this,
does anything strange
jump out at you?
You fell asleep.
[Jean grumbles]
[Eric] Kaela,
bring up those other images.
Sure. Would you like all of 'em?
[Eric] Just don't hurt
Boris' sensitive eyes.
[Kaela] No promises.
[Keith] Hmm.
ARMY TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT
DIVISION, SECRET TRANSPORT
[weapon fires]
What the hell is going on?!
[grunts]
COASTAL BRANCH, FORENSICS LAB
-Yes, you're right.
-[knock on door]
You sure got old.
Genie.
[Keith] There aren't
any ashtrays around here.
[doctor]
Everywhere's no-smoking now,
which works
since I quit some time ago.
[Keith sighs]
Still bitter.
Some things never change.
Then don't drink it.
Hmm.
It's the anniversary
of her death.
-Time sure flies by.
-Hmm.
[cell phone ringing]
I see that you're
already hard at work,
but if you ever want
bitter coffee, drop by anytime.
Sure.
[sighs] Oh, almost forgot.
Hmm.
[sniffs]
Could he tell that I was lying?
[weapons firing]
Requesting for army and
municipal police assistance!
There's someone
attacking an army convoy.
They've stolen an I.F.V.
and are currently fleeing
toward the capital
on the Aqua Line.
The royal family
has declared martial law
and say we are to obey
General Bern's orders...
-Now what's going on?
-until further notice.
Is this a revolution?
I want everybody
out there immediately!
Mario, take command
on the scene!
-[Mario] Roger!
-Brandon, you're our liaison
-with the local cops.
-Got it.
Boris, you're with the army.
Also, I'd you to oversee
our unit placement.
[Boris] You want me to do what?!
[Eric] Please, do it.
[Boris] All right, fine.
-Keith.
-What?
There's an emergency.
I'd like your assistance.
[weapons firing]
[distant sirens blaring]
Hmm?
[laughing]
You damn flies
are starting to piss me off!
This isn't gonna be easy.
Lily, we're gonna
swing around to the back of it!
Can you get ahead
or next to it?
I, uh...
Try cutting through the park!
Roger doodle!
W-Wait! Hang on, Lily!
Don't-- [screams]
I didn't mean that literally,
you maniac!
Use the road! The road! Ahh!
[Mario] Target acquired!
Lily!
We're here!
[Boris grumbles]
The damn thing is firing at us!
Sorry! Backing off!
Lily!
We can't get close in this car!
You get ahead of us!
Where are you? Come on out.
Show yourself, you bastard!
Face me like the freak you are!
[laughing]
Die. Die. Die!
I'll blast y'all to hell!
This guy is insane.
What's he even after, anyway?
Don't care. He's going down.
While I'd hate to interrupt
your fun, Julian,
it's time to lose them.
What are you doing?!
Focus on the sensors!
[Eric]
A smoke screen and an A.P.S.?
This isn't an ordinary I.F.V.
[Kaela] Carbon-fiber particles,
from the looks of it.
The radar waves
are being jammed,
so we're unable
to monitor the situation.
-What about thermal?
-Not a thing.
[sighs]
Seal off all areas immediately.
All precincts,
get to your positions.
Let's get that thing contained.
[Mario] This is Alpha.
Eric, Where'd the I.F.V. go?!
Requesting instructions!
-[Brandon gasps]
-[groans]
[Boris] Great.
Who the hell are these people?
[buzzer blaring]
Who the hell were those guys?
Hey, w-where are you taking me?
-[train clatters]
-[gasps]
[man] We're changing rides.
The fun has only just begun.
-[Eric] Any sign of it?
-[Kaela] No, nothing yet.
Where could it have gone?
I'll boost
satellite sensitivity.
-Nope.
-Hmm?
No way.
I doubt you're
gonna find them. Sorry.
Kaela, show me the footage
from just before
-the I.F.V. entered the tunnel.
-Sure.
Play it again.
Put it on a loop.
[Eric] That's it, and it
would certainly explain things.
It's a hybrid I.F.V. that hasn't
been unveiled to the public.
The drivetrain sound
is the high-pitched tone
that you get from an inverter.
So that's the reason it vanished
from our thermal scopes.
It's a brand-new I.F.V.
whose stealth abilities
have been augmented.
I remember reading
about this somewhere.
Well, of course you do, 'cause
it's a cutting-edge I.F.V.
Word is
it was independently developed
by a corrupt military country
in top secret.
It's known as the Five-O.
Let's see.
They stole a classified item,
caused a ruckus,
exploited its capabilities,
then vanished into thin air
under the cover of night.
Either the work
of a lunatic or a genius.
Either way,
this is gonna be tricky.
Now then...
which is their true objective?
What on Earth is that man doing?
What's with all
the weird squares and triangles?
[Jean] If I recall correctly,
he's referring to something
-sort of like, uh...
-You don't know, do you?
He and I have known each other
for 20 years now,
and I've never once known
what goes on in his head.
That's nothing to brag about.
No, but if you give him time,
he always comes up
with an answer.
You sure?
I am.
[thinking]
Is it a diversion or a robbery?
Maybe it's a diversion
to aid a robbery.
There are two routes,
one above and another below.
Eric, do you
remember this place?
Hey! What the hell
are you doing?!
Th-That's an expensive monitor!
Oris Heavy Industries?
Yeah. I want to know
what's beneath it.
It's the abandoned
Alpine Metro line.
It connects to
the trans-island railway, right?
[Kaela] The terminal station
on the summit
is now the Museum of Flight.
[Eric] Alpha, head
to the old Alpine Metro line!
Beta, to the Museum of Flight,
ASAP!
As for you,
contact the military.
Have them
keep an eye on the skies.
I'm on it, sir.
This is the Railway Police!
Train 645, please respond.
Do you read, Train 645?
You better be right about that
bastard showing his ugly mug,
'cause I swear,
if you're lying...
[Kaela] The Railway Police
say a National Rail freight
is out of control,
loop line two.
Do you think
I should divert Alpha?
Don't bother. Let the army
and police handle it.
That is their job, right?
Wait. The I.F.V. isn't on it.
Regardless, I'm sure the fool
aboard that freight train
will be made out
to be the perpetrator
after everything settles down.
For now,
we play the waiting game.
There!
[gasps]
You!
I can't believe it!
You actually showed up!
Hey! Yaah!
Your hard work
is much appreciated.
-Did he show up?
-Yeah.
Is it him?
Well, if Quinn
won't be returning,
then we'll know.
[Quinn] I've been
instructed to offer you
an invitation of sorts.
This is the type of human
that I'm allowed to destroy.
He's one who deserves to die.
[Quinn] I completely understand.
This just
isn't a good time for you,
and that's why...
I'm going to invite you
in my own special way!
They found us
sooner than I expected,
so just leave that there.
Huh? After all this trouble?
The gas?
Got it all.
We're going to switch over
to plan B.
And Quinn?
What do we do about him?
He told you, plan B.
That means we're
going to dispose of Quinn.
Got it.
Hey, now, what's the matter?!
I'm dying to see the full extent
of your true power,
so come on! Show me!
Oh.
There is
no remorse in your heart,
so you shall atone for your sins
with your death.
[woman vocalizing]
[Quinn] Lohengrin.
The black-winged king...
he does exist.
He really exists, Minatsuki!
[siren blaring]
-Uh, Lily--
-Don't talk,
or you'll bite your tongue off!
[gasps]
Sorry, Boris!
Nobody move!
[gasps]
-[Boris groans]
-What's going on here?
What's the rush?!
Let's enjoy ourselves a little.
Oh. Oh, wow!
You're good, but as long as you
don't hit me, I'll be okay...
which means all I have to do
is take that arm of yours!
[gags]
[crackling]
[shrieks]
[train clattering]
[overlapping chatter]
[thinking]
I guess I misread things.
This was the main objective.
[gasps]
[Boris]
Well, the case is "closed."
I don't buy that crap
for a second.
They're just gonna
cover everything up
by saying the train
ran off the tracks
and the I.F.V. was ditched
in the mountains.
I don't doubt it.
That's more convenient
for everyone
involved in this mess.
Something smells fishy.
What the hell
are you doing, Brandon?
Look at this.
Isn't that...
Impossible.
[Boris] Come on.
It has to be a coincidence.
[Lily] Yeah, right.
Are you seeing my marks?
I'll keep on killing.
It won't stop
until you find me.
I've finally found you.
[thinking]
I'm gonna find you.
And I will be...
right here.
Someday I'll be gone
There's somewhere
That we belong
And God
Has never played his role
'Cause I'm the one
Who saves my soul
It's a perfect world
We're longing for
So long
Cursing shadows
Hunt and gather
In the city of no answer
As we follow
Endless questions
Hands up
In the same reflection
Sometimes we try to feel
How things just used to be
In yesterdays
Now or never,
Make it better
No one ever lives forever
Wake me up, and let me go
Someday I'll be gone
To somewhere we all belong
For so long
Translation by David Fleming